Add import snippet to components documentation (#2610)
canonical-web-and-design/vanilla-framework: docs/patterns/accordion.md

View example of the accordion pattern
</a>

### Import

> To import this individual component into your project, copy the snippet and include it in your main Sass file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import just this component into your project, copy the snippet below and include it in your main Sass file.
```
